Start
The authors of this project are Nico Murolo, Johnny Chen, and Edward Yang. The bulk of this project was written in Racket and Python, with some shellscript/batch for the build system. The questions are given in this format: - Continue

Topic
Question? - Random right answer - Wrong answer - Another Wrong answer - Terribly close but still wrong answer.

Molecules
Sodium and Chlorine form a type of bond known as an... (hint: selfish) - Ionic Bond - Covalent Bond - Metallic Bond - Hydrogen Bond

This type of bond allows the bonded atoms to share electron(s). - Covalent Bond - Ionic Bond - Metallic Bond - Hydrogen Bond

This allows ice to expand rather than contract when frozen. - Hydrogen Bonding - Diffusion - Presence of minor impurities in water - Properties of supercooled matter

The organic molecule that is known to come mainly from cows. - Methane - Hydrogen Sulfide - Arsenic - CO2

This geometric shape allows organic molecules such as Benzene to ramin extremely stable. - Hexagonal - Octoganol - Triangular - Pentagonal

A gas commonly used for lighter or torch fuel that has a chemical formula of C4H10 - Butane - Carbon Dioxide - C4 - Natural Gas

The 3 Phosphate groups attached to an adenosine allow this molecule to be an effective energy carrier - ATP - DNA - ATP - AMP

The further removal of a Phosphate Group from ADP forces it to become a very unstable molecule, - AMP - RNA - DNA - ATP

The presence of at least one Hydroxyl Group changes a pure Hydrocarbon to a... - Carbohydrate - Nutrient - Revitalized Hydrocarbon - G-LOC'd hydrocarbon

Fructose, Sucrose, Galactose,and Glucose all make up a group known as... - Disaccharides - Monosaccharides - Saccharides - Alcohols

This group of elements is essential for all life as we know it. - SPONCHNaK - SPONCHNK - SPUTiNIK - AmErICa - FeLiNeS - FAmOUSKINGe

This liquid Organic group's properties allow it to dissolve some things that water cannot. An example is Glycerol. - Alcohols - Hydroxyls - Fruit juices - Spongial Fluids

This macromolecular group includes Steroids and Fatty Acids, and allows for basic cell membranes. - Lipids - Gases - Plastics - Proteins

These are the monomers of proteins. - Amino Acids - Saccharides - Lipids - Carbohydrates

Nutrients can be nonessential. - Yes - No

Cells (General + DNA)
What is the theory which describes cytology? - Cell Theory - String Theory - Membraneal Seperation Theory - Bascterial Theory

DNA is formed through the process of ____. - DNA Synthesis - mRNA Translation - DNA Rebonding - Transcription

DNA, mRNA, and tRNA go through or are formed by translation and transcription, which essentially trnaslates and copies blocks of information called codons until a stopc codon is found. - Yes - No

These two sugars help create the basic structure of DNA and RNA. - Deoxyribose and Ribose - Sucrose and Fructose - Sucrose and Galactose - Fructose and Galactose

Reproduction is one of the many processes which differentiate... - Prokaryotes and Eukaryotes - Cells and Organelles - DNA and RNA - mRNA and tRNA



Cell Processes
Chloroplast is a structure containing chlorophyll (a special pigment). What makes chlorophyll so special? - Chlorophyll can absorb light to transform it into chemical energy. - Chlorophyll is the center of cell synthesis in a plant - Chlorophyll can change color depending on the season - Chlorophyll fulfills all the roles of that cells would have otherwise done.

Which of these is the name of the entire process in which plants transform light energy (movement of photons) to chemical energy (energy stored in atomic bonds)? - Photosynthesis - Light Absorption - Calvin Cycle - Kreb Cycle

In which of these processes is the ETC directly involved? - Light Reaction - Dark Reaction - Kreb Cycle - Glycolysis

In which photosystem is light absorbed in photosynthesis? - Photosystems I and II - Photosystem I - Photosystem II - Photosystem III

Glycolysis is a process which converts... - glucose to pyruvate - pyruvate to glucose - maltose to glucose - glucose to maltose

In which reaction (also known as a dark reaction) do plants create sugar? - Calvin Cycle - Citric Acid Cycle - Glycolysis - Energy Transfer

In the gas exchange, which two gases are typically involved? - Oxygen and CO2 - Nitrogen and Hydrogen - Oxygen and Nitrogen - CO2 and Hydrogen

Which molecule is primarily used in cellular energy transfer? - ATP - ADP - AMP - Phosphates in general

Which type of molecule is NOT used in protein synthesis? - Fatty Acids - Amino Acids - DNA - RNA

Glucose is broken down in... - the Krebs Cycle - Glucose Desynthesis - Dehydrolysis - Hydrolysis

Water
In diffusion across a membrane, molecules move from a - higher concentration to a lower concentration - lower concentration to a higher concentration - lighter place to a darker place - darker place to a ligher place

The indicator bromothymol blue is colorless when... - The pH is close to neutral - The pH is more acidic - The pH is more basic - bromothymol blue does not turn colorless

The difference between pOH and pH is that... - All of the above - There is an extra O in the name - pOH measures hydroxyl group concentration while pH measures hydrogen concentrations - Higher numbers are acidic in pOH

The process of linking molecule monomers is... - dehydrolysis (removal of 2 hydrogens and an oxygen) - hydrolysis (addition of 2 hydrogens and an oxygen) - a series of hydrolysis and dehydrolysis - the force

Permeability is a quality of a material that measures how much liquid or gas can pass through the material. Some membranes are semi-permeable, or only allow some things in. They do this through... - facilitated diffusion - the polarity of water - acidity - alkalinity

Organelles
In a cell, your RNA is stored in... - the nucleolus - the cytoplasm - the ribosomes - the vacuoles

What is the nucleus protected by? - The nuclear membrane - The cell wall - The nucleolus - The cytoplasm

The rough endoplasmic reticulum contains ribosomes, which are part of creating which macromolecule? - Proteins - Lipids - Carbohydrates - DNA

On the other hand, the smooth endoplasmic reticulum creates which macromolecule? - Lipids - Proteins - Carbohydrates - DNA

The job of a vacuole in a cell is to... - store molecules - create vitamins - fill up space - release molecules

What is the area in a cell not taken up by organelles called? - The cytoplasm - The cell's plasma - The gaseous area - There is no name

What job(s) do lysosomes have in a cell? - All of the above - Breakdown of food - Disposal of waste - Discarding unneeded organelles

Which organelle in a cell creates the most ATP? - The mitochondria - The smooth endoplasmic reticulum - The rough endoplasmic reticulum - None of these

What protects a plant cell? - A combination of the cell membrane and cell wall - The cell wall - The cell membrane - None of the above

An enzyme is a protein which makes certain processes happen faster, which is also the job of a chemical catalyst, something that helps reactions happen. - Cool 

Scientific method
Scientific inquiry is the wanting of knowledge

In an experiment, the ___ variable is the variable that does not change, and the ___ variable is the one that changes the ___ variable - standardized, independent, dependent - independent, dependent, standardized - standardized, dependent, independent - dependent, independent, standardized

Organisms
Organisms that can sustain their own energy are called... - autotrophs - heterotrophs

An organism, by definition, is... - biotic - abiotic

Which one of these is a part of the qualifications of being a living being? - Responding to stimuli - Being able to move around on your own - being able to breathe air - having feelings

Microscope
_____ Is the main difference between a High Power Objective Lens and a Low Power Objective Lens, or a Simple Microscope and Compound Microscope. - Power of Magnification - Slide Count - Eyepiece Width - Stage Clips

Some basic parts of this are the Nose Piece, Eye Piece, Stage, Stage Clips, and Lenses. - Microscope - Extruder - Telescope - Scanning Electron Microscope

The difference between a Dry Mount and a Wet Mount is... - The presence of water on the slide. - The surrounding air humidity. - Wet or Dry Slide Samples - Wet or Dry Mcroscope Lenses

This type of slide has a slight dip in the middle over which a cover slide can be placed. - Depression Slide - Rcok Slide - Under Slide - Holding Slide

Energy + Broad reactions
What type of bonds are broken in combustion? - Carbon/Hydrogen - Carbon/Oxygen - Carbon/Nitrogen - Carbon/Carbon

Kinetic energy is the energy of movement. Which of the following is a type of kinetic energy? - Heat energy - Potential energy - Chemical energy - Gravitational energy

Heat energy is the movement of what? - All of the above - Atoms - Photons - Molecules

Which type of energy is not potential energy? - Light energy - Chemical energy - Mechanical energy - Nuclear energy

What is the difference between product and yield? - The product is what is produced, the yield is the amount produced. - The product is how much is produced, the yield is what is produced - The two are synonyms and interchangeable 

What is the correct name for the nonproduct parts of a reaction? - Reactants - Chemicals - Ingredients - Catalysts

A chemical equation has to be balanced (same atoms on both sides, reactants and products.) - False - True

A chemical equation has to be balanced to work - True - False





